(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
(ROARS)
(NARRATOR READING)
(KION READING)
Everyone, everyone!
She's here! She's here!
(ALL GASPING)
Okay, Lion Guard.
Let's just make sure the path
stays clear and nobody in
the crowd gets hurt.
You got it, Kion.
On it.
Back it up, ella-fella-phant!
Make some room!
(GRUNTING)
(GROANS)
She's coming!
Hey, giraffes!
Down in front!
A little further back?
Thank you.
Keep it clear, please.
(SQUEAKING)
We have the best view of all.
(CHIRPING)
Presenting
Her Royal Majesty!
Rule of the Zebras!
Sovereign of the Back Lands!
The golden zebra herself!
Queen Dhahabu!
Hello, everybody.
Are you all here to see me?
(ALL GASPING)
Then I'll really give you
something to see.
Zebras, frolic and romp!
♪ It's okay to stare
♪ I know I'm quite
a sight to see
♪ But I don't stand still
♪ So come on everybody
prance with me
♪ You got to move your hoofs
your paws your feet
♪ We've got the rhythm
and we've got the beat
♪ Prance with me
prance with me
♪ And we'll frolic and romp
all right
♪ Prance with me
prance with me
♪ And we'll dance dance dance
till the morning light
♪ A Queen must be majestic
♪ I'm sure you will agree
♪ The Circle of Life
♪ Could use some fun
so come on and prance
with me
♪ You got to move your hooves
your paws your feet
♪ We've got the rhythm
and we've got the beat
♪ Prance with me
Prance with me
♪ We'll frolic and romp
all right
♪ Prance with me
Prance with me
♪ And we'll dance dance dance
till the morning light
♪ Frolic and romp
♪ Prance with me
Prance with me
♪ We'll frolic and romp
all right
♪ Prance with me
Prance with me
♪ And we'll dance dance dance
♪ We'll dance dance dance
till the morning light
(ALL CHEERING)
She's so beautiful!
And so queenly!
On behalf of the royal family,
I welcome our friend and ally,
Queen Dhahabu.
(ALL CHEERING)
Thank you, Your Majesty.
And my warmest wishes
to everyone here in
the Pride Lands!
(CHEERING)
Thank you all for giving
our guests such a spirited
welcome.
The official celebration will
continue at sundown.
Did you see Dhahabu's
dance moves?
Un-Bunga-lievable!
Poa. And she sure can sing!
Yeah, but isn't she
supposed to be here
on serious business?
Indeed! The water treaty
between the Pride Lands and
the Backlands is very serious.
Yeah. Dhahabu's watering hole
is helping everyone
in the Pride Lands
get through the dry season.
Then let me ask you
a serious question.
Do you think
she remembered me?
DHAHABU: There you are!
She does!
I've been looking forward
to seeing you again.
Well, Your Majesty.
It's good to see you too.
Hiya, Queen Dhahabu.
My little mongoose.
That's me!
So, Dhahabu? How 'bout
we show you the local
landmarks?
That sounds delightful.
But a tour has already
been arranged.
Dad asked me to take
Queen Dhahabu around
the Pride Lands,
As her royal escort.
And we're helping Kiara.
That's right.
Why don't we all go together?
That way I can catch up with
my old friends, while making
new ones.
Yeah, great idea.
(ZEBRAS NEIGHING)
Oh, I almost forgot.
Faithful subjects...
King Simba has given
permission for you all to
enjoy the Pride Lands
during my visit.
So go! Frolic and Romp!
(ZEBRAS NEIGHING)
Just be back by sunset.
What about us, oh Queen?
We're coming with you, right?
After all, what would you do
without Raha and Starehe?
You never go anywhere
without us.
I have these lovely
Pride Landers to look after
my needs.
Enjoy yourselves
with the others!
BOTH: Yes, my Queen.
Frolic and romp?
Frolic and romp.
So. Where shall we go first,
Princess Kiara?
The Mekundu Cliffs.
This way, Your Majesty.
Are we seriously
going on a tour?
Looks like it.
I sure am!
Oh, it will be fun.
Just think of it as going on
patrol, with a special guest.
Fine.
I always imagined
the Pride Lands
as being greener.
It's very green during
the rainy season.
But this time of year...
Everything get dried out
and frizzy.
Especially my fur.
Your coat looks beautifully
soft and silky!
And how do you get your
stripes that color? I love it!
Thank you. I'm just lucky
I guess.
Well, everyone in the
Pride Lands is grateful
for your help.
This dry season
is especially bad.
So you can see how important
the water treaty is for us.
Of course! We're happy to
help our Pride Lands friends.
Ono, what's wrong?
I don't like the look
of those clouds.
I do. We could use some rain.
Well, it is raining high up in
the sky. But it's too hot for
the rain to reach the ground.
So?
So it's also the perfect
condition for...
(THUNDER CLAPS)
Dry lightning!
(GASPS)
Gracious! A fire!
Heyvi kabisa! The Queen!
Fuli! Get the Queen to safety!
On it! Huwezi.
It's coming right at us!
What're we gonna do?
Follow me!
Hurry, Your Majesty. You'll be
trapped against the cliffs!
But I... I can't!
You have to jump it!
Move! Now!
Jump!
Bunga! Beshte! Fire break!
Let's keep it burning
toward the cliffs!
Zuka Zama!
Twende kiboko!
Kion, how can I help?
We need to put out
the hot spots!
Got it!
You too, Ono.
Affirmative!
Incoming!
Kinda hot around here.
You just noticed?
This is far enough.
You'll be safe here.
Sorry I shouted at you
back there, Your Majesty.
Oh! I'm not. Your shouting
helped me get moving.
Thank you, Fuli.
Gracious! The Lion Guard
certainly works fast!
Fire's out. Everybody okay?
Yes, thanks to the Lion Guard.
And it was all done with
such speed and coolness.
We can't help it.
We're the best!
Gotta admit, I don't know what
the Pride Lands would do
without the Lion Guard.
Oh, that's exactly
what I need! A guard!
A Queen's Guard!
Fuli! I've never seen anyone
move so quickly.
With you by my side,
I would always feel safe.
I would like you to be
my personal guard for
the remainder of my visit!
You... you would?
What about me?
Your loyal mongoose!
That's really nice of you,
Your Majesty.
But Fuli's already
a member of the Lion Guard.
So...
Kion.
Queen Dhahabu's sharing
her water with us.
I think we should do
whatever she asks.
Yeah, but...
It's just while she's here.
Your majesty.
I'm sure Fuli would be pleased
to act as your personal guard
for your visit.
I would?
I mean... I would.
Wonderful!
And you two! You never left
my side during the ordeal.
I want you to be my guards
as well.
Really?
Ooh, yes.
Tiifu? Zuri?
I was counting on
your help tonight.
Remember? Sharing her water?
Do what she asks?
(SIGHS SOFTLY)
I know Tiifu and Zuri would
also be honored to be your
temporary guards.
So honored.
So totally honored.
That's settled.
Now I have my own
Queen's Guard.
I think this calls
for a celebration!
Let's all frolic and romp!
Frolic and romp!
BOTH:
Come, Fuli! Prance with us!
Frolic. And romp.
Well. My new guards
certainly are enthusiastic.
And now that I have them,
I won't need you to escort me.
But Your Majesty...
I'm sure you have many
other duties to attend to.
It's okay. She's got Fuli.
I'll have Ono keep
an eye on them too.
Well, okay.
I do need to help
prepare for tonight's event.
And we'll go on patrol.
Lion Guard. Let's go!
Fuli!
Oh. Sorry. Force of habit.
(SIGHS IN EXASPERATION)
SCAR: You did well
to report this, skinks!
But the water treaty with
the zebras must be put
to an end.
I want the Pride Lands
to stay thirsty.
Perhaps something unfortunate
will happen to the Queen
during her visit.
Something very unfortunate.
Bring me Reirei
and the jackals.
They're good at
this sort of thing.
With the Queen gone,
there will be no treaty.
And no extra water
for the Pride lands.
(LAUGHING MANIACALLY)
I sure hope Fuli's all right.
She didn't look very happy.
Frolic and romp.
Oh, hello.
They don't look
very happy either.
Hey, Raha. Starehe.
What are you two up to?
Oh. Frolicking.
Romping.
But mainly looking for
Queen Dhahabu.
Is she with you?
Nah. She's still touring
the Pride Lands.
With her new Guard.
Her new guard?
Oh. We thought she
might need us.
She's never been apart
from us this long.
Don't worry.
We can find her for you.
BOTH: Okay.
Ono.
On it!
They're adorable!
What do you call them again?
Baboons.
Baboons are delightful.
They sure do love Fuli.
Would you look at that.
A golden zebra.
I didn't know they came in
different flavors. What you
think it tastes like?
Only one way to find out.
(BABOONS YELLING)
Fuli! Let 'em tug your
tail again!
REIREI: Jackals! Get 'em!
(BABOONS SCREECHING)
(SCREAMING)
I never thought I'd be happy
to see jackals! Huwezi!
(ROARS)
Nobody gets past me!
Bravo, my loyal guard!
Defend your Queen!
We'll be back here, uh,
protecting the rear.
(GROWLING)
(GASPS)
Hapana!
Everyone! I found Dhahabu!
But so have the jackals!
Let's go!
Till the Pride Lands end...
ALL: Lion Guard defend!
What are jackals?
Who cares?
They found Dhahabu.
I'm warning you.
Stay back!
(GRUNTS)
(LAUGHS) You might be fast,
but you can't be everywhere!
(LAUGHS)
KION: But we can!
Lion Guard!
BESHTE: Twende kiboko!
Zuka Zama!
Knock it off, ya pesky bird!
FULI: You think he's pesky?
Way to go, Fuli!
How dreadful! We must
find our Queen and...
(GASPS)
Oh, no.
Our Queen is in danger!
It's time to...
BOTH: Kick and stomp!
Like my mama used to say,
sneak and you shall...
Kick and stomp!
Jackals! Skedaddle!
That's right!
And stay skedaddled!
Are you hurt, my Queen?
Please tell us
you're all right.
All right?
I'm exhilarated! Thanks
to the Queen's Guard!
Fuli, my champion!
You were magnificent!
You single-handedly
held those jackals at bay.
Thanks, but...
And where are Tiifu and Zuri?
Here, Your Majesty.
(GRUNTING)
That's right. Shoo!
You two stopped that wretched
creature from attacking me
from behind!
We did?
You are being far too modest.
But Your Majesty...
Yes, yes, Kion.
Your Guard helped too.
There's plenty of credit
to go around.
But I saw Raha and Starehe...
Kion saw to it that
we were safe.
And we thank him.
Yes, thank you, Kion.
This remarkable day has
made me come to a realization.
My Queen's Guard must be
made permanent.
Fuli, Tiifu and Zuri will
remain by my side. Always!
Huh?
We celebrate your wisdom,
my Queen!
Then so shall I!
Frolic and romp with me.
ZEBRAS: Frolic and romp.
Frolic and romp.
Kion, you have to
do something!
No way I'm leaving
the Lion Guard.
We don't wanna be
her guards either.
Yeah. She actually expects us
to guard her!
Kion?
Fuli's a part of the team.
But you can't offend
the Queen.
Remember the water treaty?
Frolic and romp!
I've got an idea that will
give everyone what they want.
But I'm gonna need
a little time.
DHAHABU: Oh, Queen's Guard!
Yes, Your Majesty?
Show me to the nearest
watering hole.
I must refresh myself before
tonight's event!
This way.
Raha? Starehe? I saw
what you did to protect
Dhahabu.
Why wouldn't you let me
tell her about it?
The Queen loves us because
we're happy and carefree.
She wouldn't want to
see us acting like that.
Acting like what?
Kion, what're you
talking about?
I think Raha and Starehe would
make a great Queen's Guard!
Them?
BOTH: Us?
The water feels divine!
How can she be so happy?
Can't she see we're
miserable?
Why are you two so upset?
I thought you loved hanging
out with royalty.
And Dhahabu's a Queen!
It was fine for a day.
Before the jackals showed up.
But we can never leave Kiara.
She's our best friend.
Besides, someday she will
be a Queen too.
And it will be up to us
to help her be a good one.
Wow, I never realized
you felt so...
(GROWLING)
Uh-oh.
Look who's back.
(SIGHS) Not again.
But our job is to just
frolic and romp.
That's all the Queen
ever wants us to do.
She might think differently
if she saw you two in action.
I wanna see you in action!
C'mon! Show me what you got!
BOTH: Frolic and romp!
Frolic and romp!
I give up.
Sorry. We can't just
turn it on and off.
Something has to really
make us angry.
Okay, so what would it take?
ONO: Hapana! The jackals
are back!
They're attacking the watering
hole! Dhahabu's in danger!
BOTH: Dhahabu's in danger?
Kick. And. Stomp!
Kick and stomp!
Whoa!
Well, now we know
what it takes.
Come on.
Till the Pride Lands end...
ALL: Lion Guard defend!
(GROWLING)
We wanna help.
Then stay by the Queen!
We won't leave her side!
You shouldn't have
come back, Reirei!
You've already been
beaten once today!
But this time we brought along
some extra teeth!
(GROWLING)
(SCREAMS) Crocodiles!
Surprise, surprise, surprise!
ZEBRAS: Kick and stomp!
Kick and stomp!
You're in for a surprise,
all right.
ZEBRAS: Kick and stomp!
Kick and stomp!
What in the Outlands?
Raha? Starehe?
Is that really you?
I told ya those striped
varmints was mean!
Jackals! Skedaddle!
That was the easiest
fight ever.
Raha! Starehe! I've never
seen you like that.
Sorry, oh Queen.
So embarrassing.
Embarrassing?
I don't think so.
Fuli, Tiifu, Zuri.
I'm sorry, but I no
longer need you to be
my Queen's Guard.
It seems I've had
a Queen's Guard all along.
I just never knew it.
Until now.
And I hope this water treaty
may allow friendship
and goodwill
to flow between
our realms forever!
(CHEERING)
You gonna miss being
Queen Dhahabu's Guard?
I'm happy right where I am.
(CHORUS VOCALIZING)
♪ Look out
Here comes the Lion Guard ♪